Ocs jsimmonds landing pages subbranch (#368)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: Content_Portal/visualize-data/visualize-data-overview.md

---
uid: lpvisualizedata
---

# Visualize data

Use the Trend page in OCS to monitor assets, anticipate problems, and proactively perform preventative maintenance.

> On the Trend page, you can convert stream data to a graphic view, which can reveal patterns in your data, high points, or trouble spots. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Trend page, you can display stream data to a graphic view, which can reveal patterns in your data, data anomalies, or trouble spots. 
```

> On the Trend page, you can convert stream data to a graphic view, which can reveal patterns in your data, high points, or trouble spots. 

Reviewer: Hi Joyce,

I reviewed this because I'm familiar with Trends. I'm not sure what is meant by "high points." I suggested "data anomalies," but feel free to correct.

Author: I don't for sure know what high points are either. I prefer data anomalies. Thank you!
